Okay so let's talk about our project specification.
What we're going to be doing in this section and what to expect.
So we're going to be creating assets to be exported straight to an external program like a game engine
or anything else she may work with externally.
We will be creating our own textures and other maps from high detailed models and applying them to the
low polygon version will be focussed on modelling the interior of a building.
In this case I'm going to choose a gothic church.
You can model your own house with the lessons learned in this video is entirely up to you now.
More on the product specification.
You can use any of these techniques whether it's going to be level of detail or whether it's going to
be baking some textures and of course there's more on that in the section itself.
But you can use this technique within blender itself for optimization to increase not increase your
end times increase your efficiency by lowering your render times.
And that's very important as we've already experienced render times can take hours or even days.
Some of you with the animations back in the animated land I know had to leave their computers running
for a couple of days to get that out there so we can make this a little more optimized then we can certainly
get things out quicker and more importantly iterate more which means we get a better end result.
Now I'm going to be testing my model externally as I go.
So you guys can appreciate that impact on externally and we'll be looking at level of detail in detail.
So more on this I'm going to be keeping my scene relatively simple primarily for teaching purposes but
of course I encourage you to go to the MFA degree and get some really detailed models going.
I encourage you to add more detail experiment and have fun.
For instance wouldn't the scene look a little more interesting with a chess set in it.
Okay guys let's move on now to the next lecture.